Implemented ticket #329 and fixed authorized_keys (#339)
exasol/integration-test-docker-environment: doc/developer_guide/developer_guide.rst

Some tests will use prebuilt Docker Containers.
After changing the implementation you might need to rebuild the container in order to make
your changes effective when executing the tests.

Please use the following command to rebuild the Docker Container:

.. code-block:: shell

  starter_scripts/build_docker_runner_image.sh

Configuring Tests
-----------------

ITDE supports tests with pytest although there currently are also tests using
``python.unittest`` mainly in directory
``exasol_integration_test_docker_environment/test``.  The plan is to migrate
all tests to pytest in directory ``test``

For pytest ITDE uses a pytest plugin in directory ``pytest_itde``. This plugin
enables to configure test execution, e.g. setting the hostname, user

> andpassword of the database. For some configuration parameters there are also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and password of the database. For some configuration parameters there are also
```
